The President:
Hi, everybody.
On behalf of all the Obamas -
Michelle, Malia, Sasha, Bo,
and the newest member
of our family, Sunny -
I want to wish you a happy
and healthy Thanksgiving.
We'll be spending today
just like many of you -
sitting down with
family and friends
to eat some good food,
tell stories,
watch a little football,
and most importantly,
count our blessings.
And as Americans, we have
so much to be thankful for.
We give thanks for the men and
women who set sail for this land
nearly four centuries ago,
risking everything for the chance
at a better life -
and the people who
were already here,
our Native American
brothers and sisters,
for their generosity during
that first Thanksgiving.
We give thanks for the
generations who followed -
people of all races
and religions,
who arrived here from
every country on Earth
and worked to build something
better for themselves
and for us.
We give thanks for all our
men and women in uniform -
and for their families,
who are surely missing
them very much today.
We're grateful for
their sacrifice too.
We give thanks for
the freedoms they defend -
the freedom to think what
we want and say what we think,
to worship according
to our own beliefs,
to choose our
leaders and, yes,
criticize them
without punishment.
People around
the world are fighting
and even dying for their
chance at these freedoms.
We stand with them
in that struggle,
and we give thanks
for being free.
And we give thanks to everyone
who's doing their part
to make the
United States a better,
more compassionate nation -
who spend their Thanksgiving
volunteering at a soup kitchen,
or joining a service project,
or bringing food and cheer
to a lonely neighbor.
That big-hearted generosity
is a central part
of our American character.
We believe in lending
a hand to folks who need it.
We believe in pitching
in to solve problems
even if they aren't
our problems.
And that's not
a one-day-a-year belief.
It's part of the
fabric of our nation.
And we remember
that many Americans need
that helping hand right now.
Americans who've lost their
jobs and can't get a new one
through no fault of their own.
Americans who've
been trapped in poverty
and just need that
helping hand to climb out.
Citizens whose prayers
and hopes move us to act.
We are a people who are greater
together than we are on our own.
That's what today is about.
That's what every
day should be about.
No matter our differences,
we're all part of
one American family.
We are each other's keeper.
We are one nation, under God.
That core tenet of our American
experience has guided us
from the earliest
days of our founding -
and it will
guide us to a future
that's even
brighter than today.
Thank you, God bless you,
and from my family to yours,
Happy Thanksgiving.